# i am already dead

_ive been reading bataille recently. the cause of this was the pure beauty and oneness i felt with nature after deciding to go outside with a tee at around 7pm. it was cold but deathconsiousness and the beautiful sky and everything around me were indifferent. so was i. i began to merge with my sorroundings._

_that was the first time i realized what the dionysian truly is. i want to live my life with just that moment and others like it. i mean how couldn't i? this desire and my overwhelming fantasies of intimacy were a pipeline to georges batailles book l'érotisme. essentially i realized what i felt was in fact a concept called decontinuity and continuity._

_i also am thinking about my psychology. i am pretty sure i have ocd and adhd. however i will update this as soon as i can get it diagnosed. the adhd aspect is more relevant for the topic of this essay. i can never focus or really want to do anything outside of my interests unless it is a reaction on a short term threat. that difficulty i hope to make overcome has caused me severe issues in school and other less notable responsibilities. i take everything to its avsolute limit, the until i feel threatened and feel compelled to react._

_while philosophizing, i came to the conclusion that instead of asking "what action x to take to reach goal y" we should believe the goal y has already been reached. our whole life has already passed. we are dead in actuality. time is not something that progresses. it has already happened, we are just going through time. i am already dead. and i have already reached my goals. in the moment i am playing my life for myself. like a theatre where the only actor and the only one who bought a ticket. suicide is leaving the play, never seeing those goals be achieved. so go on and play your sole role with that lonely audience. amor fati._
