# on outward and inward emotions

_recently i've been thinking of art in the painting form. this is something new as i've never really gotten why people like paintings and thought it was some pseudo intellectual bullshit. however as time passes i seem to drift away from that notion. i truly think that purely visual art can be incredible. i still think most people pretend to like art though._

_the philosophical and artistic progress made in the last century seems to be focused on what i'm calling "inward emotions". these are ones that actively focus on the self or interact with the self. examples are melancholy, desire, sadness, fear, lonelyness, etc. the contrary, that is "outward emotions", are either neutral or interact with others. examples are happyness, rage, love in a romantic context, etc. inward emotions are normally seen as depressive, while outward are encouraged. i personally believe that inward emotions are preferrable to outward emotions, which will be justified in the following paragraphs._

_as stated previously modernism(the philosophical, cultural and artistic movement), is deeply focused on the self and his feelings. the most modern philisophies are mostly exestential; the paintings of this period focus on alienation, anxiety, fear, melancholy, etc; the world saw noir and german expressionism after wws; and it seemed like shit was getting bad. however it seems like we have now began valuing outward emotions again._

_so why are such emotions better? why should one see tgeir pain or sadness as inferior to happyness? i believe it is not objectively worse, like most things, but there are very good reasons to find inward emotions better. the best example is "brave new world". the protagonists suffer throughout their failed missions. they are not happy, they are not comfortable, for the outward emotioner they have lived a worse life. here comes the trickier part. most people would say they'd rather be the protagonists in the story. my personal reason as to why i'd rather be the protagonists is can be summarized as the belief outward emotions foster fleeting comfort and often delusion, while suffering(psychological) is what truly makes one grow and is essential for a profound and ultimatelly fulfilling life._

_the growth mentioned is in the existential search for one's true self. melancholy is a tool(not an end, as treating an emotion as an end is delusion, similar to how people want to live a "happy" life) to self overcoming, where one realizes his wrongs and thus how fucked up he is. it is the moment of introspection and correction._

_happyness, rage, or other various outward emotions are fleeting as they don't lead to realization or solutions and instead to the idea one is right and is being held back by others aka delusion. at the end of the day its your fault and you simply have to affirm life and stop living in a comfort zone where its seen as impossible to progress. a further issue is that every moment passed one is closer to dying with unrealized potential and contrary to popular belief one does not find solace in the ghost of a physical sensation, but in the realization of potential that was forged through internal friction on tgeir deathbed._

_the conclusion is that we were headed towards a better path, but the comfort of the modern world has crushed the inward emotions, replacing them with life denying outward emotions. i hope you have an interesting day whomever you might be._
