# saygio-ism

_over the last months i have made interesting observations. one of those are that finality / purpose does not exist in anything. if i infact do not think purpose exists in anything then my "exestentialism" goes ot the window. i am infact not one. although camus is considered an exestentialist so maybe not. anyways i'll present some of the conclusions i've made and what's next in my philosophical trip:_


- _purpose does not exist. let's start with the view that it does exist just not in humans and animals. this is a pretty normal view for existentialism. what necessarilly gives a chair purpose? is it the creator's intention of sitting on it, is it how it is used by the general populus, etc? well there is no way to clearly say what gives purpose to what. take this example: the cooper family photo. the guy who made it, is mr ramsdell. he has a site actually (https://www.studioramsdell.com/about), and the photo i mencioned was actually a political message. this feeling that everything is normal and then some type of disturbing thing is pretty much what he makes. it is a political message to infact show that no nothing is fine, it may look like it but no! however the cooper family photo evolved into horror and a creepypasta, not a political message. ramsdell thinks that is not wrong instead he views it as if the art has completely seperated itself from the atist and gained new "purpose". so does this mean it isn't derived by the creator and instead the general populus? no. if chairs were used how we use axes, does it mean that a chairs purpose is now cutting down trees? i don't think such definition is decent. and as a panpsychist the questions about this supposed thing we call purpose never end when it comes to the purpose of objects. and whats up with animals such as humans? if we can give ourselves "purpose" then our job of defining purpose becomes fucking impossible._
- _everything already happened. in special relativity we use spacetime. spacetime is a 4th dimension. this means a 4th dimensional being could see spacetime. however this means they could see an object in all times at once. including me and you. they would see us sleeping, being born, dying, etc. it is not relevant if such a being does exist, but the fact this is possible tells me fatalism is true. fate exists. not determinism, so it does not imply one could calculate what happens. what the actual fuck!?!??!?!?! why did i only realize it now_
- _metaepistemology means there's no way to know what's true ig. i mean i just think there is no need to elborate_
- _greatness is really not very well meaningfull. actually everything is quite meaningless. i also don't have much to add._
- _there are more but i can't be bothered sorry_


_this leads me to post nihilism, the "what now?". in a way i think i have to stop caring for this meaning and the supposed logic in things. start appreciating beauty in things. i have a "will to beauty" now. not my beauty. but to appreciate the beauty and warmth of this world. whether that be through nature, relationships or simply enjoying my time here, how unimportant it may be. beauty is incredible because the more meaningless it is the more lines blur and multiple become one, find themselves, enjoy and live. such life is saygios life. i am not very educated on his life but it resembles what i'm describing. the post nihilism is not suicide, it is a passivity toward meaning rejecting philosophers chase for it. such belief is from this day on called saygioism. amor fati as always_
