# The Queer Crowd

_society has pushed for liberty of sex and gender in the last decade. that is, no one shall be discriminated based on their self-identified sex or gender. such position is incredibly broad as what "discriminated" means is quite important. for the sake of simplicity, i'm assuming this means one should be treated as if they were truly that "physical" gender or sex. i have some issues with this position._

_among those problems isn't sex. i like weird stuff too(don't we all?). being gay or lesbian is understandable(the latter is definitly more but i digress). i believe the reason this is the case is that attractiveness is widely considered to be subjective, and therefore you can have your preference or taste without being incorect as there is no correct. it's purely psychological. however..._

_gender has some issues. the core issue that all others arise from is gender being purely psychological from this point of view. is seen as a physical thing, because men and women have "mean/average" psychological differences, no strict ones. a good way to think of this: most mugs are white, however the color doesn't define it since not all mugs are white. therefore we should judge it based on handle or general shape. if we have a white glass, it isn't a mug because not all white things are mugs, only tings with a specific general shape. the "general shape" that defines what gender is in this case is often suggested to be the number of possible chromosome combinations. although not scientifically, since some differences between chromosones are for some often negligable(not that we should look past them) 2 unique genders are commonly accepted. people often describe pre-transgenderism as "x gender being stuck in y genders body". what i don't get is how the mind has "gender" characteristics. as said before psychological characteristics/differences between the genders are averages. they don't define gender._

_my last "issue" is hate crimes/speech. if descriminated includes being protected from hate speech, why? why shouuld one be punished for being mean. in the same way it's your body, it's the other persons mind and will too. bye!_
